and uh the on doing you sing the theme
song nicole kidman
i do i do yes only because the director
told me that i had to do it and i'm a
very obedient actor
no we've heard yourself before moulin
rouge you sang in and of course
kylie minogue moulin rouge i i i yes
literally flitted away momentarily in
woolen rouge
you were the absent yeah yeah i was the
road to ruin
um i was over the moon to be
in a nicole kidman film from michael
not my film bazza's film but we were so
happy to have you
you know bazz is like aussie royalty as
well so it was
there was so much noise and excitement
about moulin rouge
and then yeah i got to have a moment and
weirdly ew mcgregor was on
here a few weeks ago and he was talking
about moulin rouge and he was telling us
that
you guys you'd learnt big dance numbers
that we never saw totally i'd learnt the
tango
which is a really hard sequence really
hard and then suddenly
i was not tangling they changed it and
suddenly i was upstairs with the duke
but that was
a lot of the film was workshopped and we
were always changing
and and rewriting and working on it it's
part of baz's process as it gets formed
and
we had a massive workshop for months
prior to actually shooting
but yeah so ewan and i would dance and
dance and dance
train training together for nothing it's
one
it's one of my great memories of
actually dancing with him
and we are going to see you dancing
though uh dancing and singing in the
prom this is on netflix 11th of december
i saw it on broadway it's such a great
show
um and this cast is a dream cast isn't
it
yeah it was one of those things where
meryl and i were doing big little lies
too and we both got um
asked to do the prom together and it was
suddenly to do to go
180 degrees where you go from you know
the intensity of big little eyes to
to a musical that is
hilarious and joyful and um
and just but but also a really really
strong story it's a true story
about um a girl who wants to bring her
girlfriend to the prom
and she's not allowed to they they shut
the prom down so it's got this but it's
very funny and it's very light-hearted
and it's
and it's filled with sort of a great
message but also a lot of joy
i mean i'm i'm a supporting role model
oh stop it you're one of the leads
yes you are you own it own it it's it
is in fact a nicole kidman film
[Music]
[Laughter]
oh you know what it is
uh nicole kidman thank you so much for
getting up so early to see us and
looking so gorgeous nicole kidman george
i'm going to be watching you
on saturday night kylie oh beautiful
i am i can't wait uh my heart is a
little bitter
thank you i love you love you too
[Applause]
oh god
you